Like, I wonder for the future,
we'll know that like certain animals can like take messages around for us.
And like, if you told an animal something, it could go tell, you know, like,
I wonder if we'll start using animals more. Yeah.
For sure. But whatever, for whatever reason, it makes more sense with birds.
Yeah. You gotta send a bird that nobody wants to shoot though. Yeah.
People like to shoot birds.
Well, owl too, dude. We had owl two Thanksgivings ago.
We had two owls at my sister's house.
Yeah. I saw one last night actually. Did you? Yeah, it was pretty cool.
It was big too.
It's gross. I think owls the meat, the uh, oh.
You ate them. You saying? Yeah. But the, you.
Guys ate owls.
Yeah. I think that's legal. You probably shouldn't say that on the podcast.
Well, <laugh> I didn't have a lot. I didn't have a lot, man. I had no,
I think I even spit it out. I'm not even joking.
Yet. It's like bill Clinton, when you smoked that weed and they.
Had two, they didn't have all the things.
They don't have a lot of meat on 'em they're I don't like owls, owls,
whoever did their PR you notice,
everybody thinks they're smart and they can read. And they're like.
Yeah, they had a good PR agent. Right?
Yeah. Look at that. But see how much little meat is on him.
You think there's more? <laugh>.
Look, he's kidding. He's kidding folks. He's not eating owls.
I was driving home when one was flying above me on the road and dropped a rabbit
and I stopped the car and to check it out, I was like, whoa, that's.
Flirting. Really? It sounds like flirting. Oh, if a drops a rabbit at your feet.
Hey. Yeah. It's ready to.
Look like got for you more that can or maybe.
Yeah. Yeah. <laugh> I'll tell you this.
If you wanna feed a family of four, you can't just have one hour.
I will say that though. I.